# Welcome To The Course

Welcome to my Next.js From Scratch course. This is a project based course where we'll learn about all of the fundamemtals of Next.js while building a real-world project.

Next.js is a React-based server-side rendering framework as well as a static site generator, which means it offers powerful capabilities for building fast, efficient, and SEO-friendly websites and applications. In this course you'll learn about all the Next.js fundamentals including React server components, file-based routing, API routes to interact with our MongoDB database using Mongoose. We'll be using Next Auth and the Google provider for authentication. We'll use a service called Cloudinary for image storage and optimazation and much more.

Now I want to stress that this is a project-based course. So everything that we we do will revolve around a real-life project called PropertyPulse, which is a real estate or property rental website. Ill give you a full demo in the next video, but it will include browsing, searching and managing property listings, bookmarking and saved properties, sharing on social media. Users can authenticate with Google and create a profile with all of their listings. We're going to build an internal messaging system so that users can inquire about a specific property. We'll implment maps and geo-coding as well as a Photoswipe lightbox and gallery. Pagination and other features. I'd say this is one of the best projects that I've done in a course. In fact I a may use this project in other courses such as my upcoming Laravel course. It just includes everything that you need to build your own projects.

As far as who this course is for, I would say anyone that knows the basics of React. If you took my React Front To Back course, you know way more than you need to to be able to take this course. Even if you just took my React crash course on YouTube, that's fine as well. The only reason that I say you should know the basics or React is because I won't be explaining things like what a component is, how to pass props, create state, etc. I assume you have that knowledge and you want to move into Next.js, which I believe is the future of React. 

If the whole notion of a meta framework like Next just confuses you and you don't understand why you would need to use it, all that will be cleared up as you take this course. Things will just to click and you'll be able to start creating your own server-rendered projects.

So let's get into it and take a look at the project that we'll build throughout the course.